Hahahaha, it's just as miserable,
There is no need to cut it.
No, this is about black roasting,
This kind of roast can only be recognized in my heart and no one will recognize it.
Why is it in your hands?
Didn’t you say that before? President Wan’s method for long time,
It's not normal to have this kind of roast in your hands.
Really or not, this black roast can be compared to this one by one word.
My old man is quite healthy.
Then we don't need to bake it, Master,
Just now the old man had eyes and was helpless.
Can you hold my eyes for me?
of course
But my marriage to my childhood
Look, you took it here
Elementary school should marry you on petition
Of course I, an old man, want members to buy it.
Then I will accompany you to primary school.
Then match it
Match it with
I think you two are looking for a better life
I'll just take photos of my wedding.
Daughter, why are you like my dad?
This is what it looks like here